hi guys welcome back to another video
today we are going to the airport
[Music]
20 times I have gone and actually don't
for time at all today we don't matter
so yeah I'm the way to get wearing
children or not this organization
usually filling our everywhere and
go into terminal 1 and then we are
flying to Dubai it's about a seven-hour
flight in here I've got my charges a lip
balm a toothbrush per passport a notepad
and my diary
[Music]
Mason is getting the meal deal didn't
get a visa to China which is like for
the teens but that was like seven days
we just had to change to although
so it's best rated because the Wi-Fi was
so
making what no
it's all going on this morning get me on
that plane I'm gonna try and get an
airport picture
in GT Pro
[Music]
thank you very much
we were made in His image
[Music]
so I'm so shining right now we just got
to mrs. and put on some pajamas been in
the fleet
alright I'm gonna have got a new coffee
table and big and got some laughs all
right okay - tuna wrap chicken
[Music]
[Applause]
we're here in the taxi on the way to
midnight
lovely taxi
[Music]